<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_qhy_qnl_2vb">
    <title>Create an Application using Object Store </title>
    <shortdesc>Altair Object Store provides the building blocks required to create and deploy
        applications.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="section_nrd_bv4_nvb">
            <p> The main steps to build an application are:<ol id="ol_jht_dv4_nvb">
                    <li>Connect to the Object Store server and create a profile.</li>
                    <li>Create a local content pack with content definitions.</li>
                    <li>Add properties, actions, events and relations to content definitions.</li>
                    <li>Build and Deploy the content pack.</li>
                    <li>Apply the Object Store packages.</li>
                    <li>Apply the Web Content pack.</li>
                    <li>Access the application.</li>
                </ol></p>
            <p>Let us examine these steps with an example of a ToDo task management application. </p>
            <p>The application consists of a list of tasks. A task (ToDo content) consists of a
                basic description, status (pending, in-progress or done), start and end dates. Tasks
                can also be assigned a category (Personal or Work).</p>
            <p>The application also contains notes. A note (Note content) captures text about a
                task.</p>
            <p>These are the content definitions we need to create.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ngs_fgs_lvb">
            <title>Content Definition</title>
            <p>Create the following Content Definition:<ul id="ul_jdp_2tl_2vb">
                    <li>ToDo - captures the basic description, status, start and end dates.
                        Optionally one can assign a category to a ToDo task. </li>
                    <li>Note - captures the note for the tasks.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_nht_ggs_lvb">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <p>We need to add these properties for the ToDo content definition.<ul
                    id="ul_qyd_npl_2vb">
                    <li>description - ToDo that you want to accomplish. This is a string property
                        type to define the content of the task.</li>
                    <li>status - Status of the ToDo whether in progress, pending or completed. All
                        todos are by default in pending status. Set the property value as “In
                        Progress”, “Completed”, and “Pending”. </li>
                    <li> category - Group the ToDo . Set the property value as “Personal” and
                        “Work”.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_imn_3gs_lvb">
            <title>Actions</title>
            <p>These are the actions that need to be added to the ToDo content definition.<ul
                    id="ul_yz4_mtl_2vb">
                    <li>Create - Create a ToDo action with the description, status and category</li>
                    <li>GetAll - Get All ToDos that is created by the user from the database</li>
                    <li>Delete - Delete the selected ToDo</li>
                    <li>MarkAsCompleted - Mark the ToDo as completed</li>
                    <li>MarkAsPending - Mark the ToDo as pending</li>
                    <li>GetPending - Get all the pending ToDos</li>
                    <li>GetCompleted - Returns completed ToDos</li>
                    <li>GetNotes - Get all the associated notes</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_dtw_3gs_lvb">
            <title>Events</title>
            <p>Here are the Events that need to be added to the ToDo content definition.<ul
                    id="ul_lnt_ttl_2vb">
                    <li>ToDoCreateEvent - Event is triggered when a ToDo entity is created</li>
                    <li>ToDoDeleteEvent - This event is triggered on deletion of a ToDo entity</li>
                    <li>ToDoModifiedEvent - Trigger on modification of ToDo</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_lwr_jgs_lvb">
            <title>Relations</title>
            <p>We need to create a relation to Notes from the ToDo content definition.<ul
                    id="ul_ly3_xtl_2vb">
                    <li>Notes</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
